Okay, hold on,
don't shoot.
- You see where you're going?
- Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Now, let's worry about
how you get there.
Gotta move your foot here.
Point your toe this way.
Your hips here.
Okay?
- Can you see?
- Yeah.
- Are you sure?
- Mm-hmm.
How about now?
Can you see now?
- No.
- How about now?
All right.
Ready?
Three fingers.
Nice!
Nice throw, kiddo.
Here you go.
Hey, you guys want mayo?
Or mustard?
Or both?
Who puts mayo on a hot dog?
Probably your brothers.
Uh, two mustard, please!
Thanks, Mama.
Got it!
Nate, mayo or mustard?
How about ketchup?
Or ketchup. I got ketchup, too.
Mind your elbow.
Good job, hawk-eye.
Go get your arrow.
Hey, guys!
Enough practice. Soup's on!
All right.
We're coming. We're hungry.
Lila, let's go.
Lila?
Honey?
Hey, babe?
Babe?
Boys!
Laura!
What I want you can't give me.
You shouldn't be here.
Neither should you.
I've got a job to do.
Is that what
you're calling this?
Killing all these people isn't
gonna bring your family back.
We found something.
A chance, maybe.
Don't.
Don't what?
Don't give me hope.
I'm sorry I couldn't
give it to you sooner.
You're drifting left.
One side there, Lebowski.
Ratchet, how's it going?
It's Rocket.
Take it easy.
You're only a genius on Earth, pal.
Time travel suit, not bad.
Hey, hey, hey!
Easy! Easy!
I'm being very careful.
No, you're being very Hulky.
I'm being careful.
These are Pym
Particles, all right?
And ever since Hank
Pym got snapped
out of existence, this is it.
This is what we have.
We're not making any more.
- Scott, calm down.
- Sorry.
We've got enough for
one round-trip each. That's it.
No do-overs.
Plus two test runs.
One test run.
All right.
I'm not ready for this.
I'm game.
I'll do it.
Clint, now you're gonna feel
a little discombobulated
from the chronoshift.
Don't worry about that.
Wait a second.
Let me ask you something.
If we can do this, you know...
go back in time, why don't
we just find baby Thanos?
You know, and...
First of all, that's horrible.
It's Thanos.
And secondly, time
doesn't work that way.
Changing the past
doesn't change the future.
Look, we go back,
we get the stones
before Thanos gets them...
Thanos doesn't have the stones.
Problem solved.
- Bingo.
- That's not how it works.
Well, that's what I heard.
Wait, but who?
Who told you that?
Star Trek,
Terminator, Timecop...
- Time After Time.
- Quantum Leap.
Wrinkle in Time,
Somewhere in Time.
Hot Tub Time Machine.
Bill and Ted's
Excellent Adventure.
Basically, any movie
that deals with time travel.
Die Hard.
No, that's not one.
This is known.
I don't know why
everyone believes that,
but that isn't true.
Think about it.
If you travel to the past...
that past becomes your future...
and your former present
becomes the past...
which can't now be
changed by your new future.
Exactly.
So Back to the Future
is a bunch of bullshit?
All right, Clint.
We're going in three, two...
one.
Cooper?
Where are my headphones?
Lila?
- I never had them.
- Lila?
Yeah, you had them yesterday!
Lila! Lila!
Yeah, Dad?
Dad?
Lila!
Hey. Hey, look at me.
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah.
It worked.
Okay, so the how works.
Now, we gotta figure out
the when and the where.
Almost everyone in this room
has had an encounter...
with at least one of
the six Infinity Stones.
Or substitute the
word "encounter"...
for "damn near been killed"
by one of the six
Infinity Stones.
Well, I haven't...
but I don't even know
what the hell you're
all talking about.
Regardless, we only
have enough Pym Particles
for one round-trip each.
And these stones have been
in a lot of different
places throughout history.
Our history.
So, not a lot of convenient
spots to just drop in, yeah?
Which means we
have to pick our targets.
Correct.
So, let's start with the Aether.
Thor, what do you know?
Is he asleep?
No, no.
I'm pretty sure he's dead.
Uh, where to start? Um...
The Aether, firstly,
is not a stone.
Someone called
it a stone before.
Um, it's more of an angry
sludge sort of a thing...
so someone's gonna
need to amend that
and stop saying that.
Here's an interesting story,
though, about the Aether.
My grandfather,
many years ago...
had to hide the stone
from the Dark Elves.
Ooh.
Scary beings.
So, Jane,
actually...
Oh, there she is.
Yeah, so Jane was
an old flame of mine.
You know, she stuck her hand
inside a rock this one time...
and then the Aether
stuck itself inside her...
and she became very, very sick.
And so I had to
take her to Asgard,
which is where I'm from...
and we had to try and fix her.
We were dating at
the time, you see...
and I got to introduce
her to my mother...
who's dead and, um...
Oh, you know, Jane and I
aren't even dating
anymore, so...
Yes, these things happen,
though. You know?
Nothing lasts forever.
The only thing that...
- Why don't you come sit down?
- I'm not done yet.
The only thing that
is permanent in life
is impermanence.
Awesome.
Eggs? Breakfast?
No. I'd like a Bloody Mary.
Quill said he stole the
Power Stone from Morag.
- Is that a person?
- No, Morag's a planet.
Quill was a person.
Like a planet?
Like in outer space?
Oh, look.
It's like a little puppy,
all happy and everything.
Do you wanna go to space?
You wanna go to space, puppy?
I'll take you to space.
Thanos found the
Soul Stone on Vormir.
What is Vormir?
A dominion of death...
at the very center
of celestial existence.
It's where Thanos
murdered my sister.
Not it.
- That Time Stone guy.
- Doctor Strange.
Yeah, what kind
of doctor was he?
Ear-nose-throat
meets rabbit-from-hat.
Nice place in the
Village, though.
Yeah, on Sullivan Street?
Mm... Bleecker Street.
Wait, he lived in New York?
No, he lived in Toronto.
Uh, yeah, on
Bleecker and Sullivan.
Have you been
listening to anything?
Guys.
If you pick the right year,
there are three
stones in New York.
Shut the front door.
All right. We have a plan.
Six stones, three
teams, one shot.
Five years ago, we lost.
All of us.
We lost friends.
We lost family.
We lost a part of ourselves.
Today, we have a
chance to take it all back.
You know your teams.
You know your missions.
Get the stones. Get them back.
One round-trip each.
No mistakes...
no do-overs.
Most of us are going
somewhere we know.
That doesn't mean we
should know what to expect.
Be careful.
Look out for each other.
This is the fight
of our lives...
and we're gonna win.
Whatever it takes.
Good luck.
He's pretty good at that.
- Right?
- All right.
You heard the man.
Stroke those keys, Jolly Green.
Trackers engaged.
You promise to bring that
back in one piece, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, I'll do my best.
As promises go,
that was pretty lame.
See ya in a minute.
All right, we all have
our assignments.
Two stones uptown,
one stone down.
Stay low.
Keep an eye on the clock.
Maybe smash a few
things along the way.
I think it's gratuitous,
but whatever.
I'd be careful going that way.
We just had the floors waxed.
Yeah, I'm looking
for Doctor Strange.
You're about five
years too early.
Stephen Strange is
currently performing surgery
about 20 blocks that way.
What do you want from him?
That, actually.
Ah!
I'm afraid not.
Sorry, but I wasn't asking.
You don't want to do this.
Ah, you're right, I don't.
But I need that stone...
and I don't have
time to debate it.
Let's start over, shall we?
For you, Lady Jane.
Um, so you have
anything with pants?
Pants?
Never mind.
These will be fine. Thank you.
- Yes, milady.
- Oh, there's Jane.
All right.
Here's the deal, tubby.
You're gonna charm her,
and I'm gonna poke
her with this thing...
and extract the Reality Stone,
and get gone lickety-split.
I'll be right back, okay?
The wine cellar
is just down here.
My father used to have this
huge barrel of Aakonian ale.
I'll see if the scullery has
a couple of to-go cups.
Hey. Hey!
Aren't you drunk enough already?
If you could send
Loki some soup.
Yes, milady.
And ask our librarians
to pull some volumes
from the astronomy shelf.
Who's the fancy broad?
That's my mother.
She dies today.
Oh, that is today?
I can't do this.
I shouldn't be here.
I shouldn't have come.
It's a bad idea!
- Come here.
- No, no, no.
I think I'm having
a panic attack.
Come here. Right here.
I shouldn't be here.
This is bad.
You think you're the
only one who lost people?
What do you think
we're doing here?
I lost the only
family I ever had.
Quill, Groot, Drax,
the chick with the antenna...
all gone.
I get you miss your mom...
but she's gone.
Really gone.
And there are plenty of people
who are only kind of gone...
and you can help them.
So, is it too much to ask
that you brush the crumbs
out of your beard...
make schmoopy
talk to Pretty Pants...
and when she's not looking,
suck out the Infinity Stone...
and help me get my family back?
Okay.
Are you crying?
No.
Yes.
I feel like I'm losing it.
Get it together!
You can do this.
All right?
Yes, I can.
Good.
I can do this. I can do this.
I can't do this.
All right, heartbreaker,
she's alone.
This is our shot.
Thor? Thor!
All right, bring it down, Blue.
Right on that line.
That's it. Down, down.
Hey, can we hurry it up?
Guys, chop-chop. Come on.
We're on the clock.
All that is really helpful.
- Take care, okay?
- Yeah.
Get that stone and come back.
No messing around.
- Hey.
- We got this.
- Let's get it done.
- Yes, sir.
I'll see you back.
You guys watch each other's six.
Yeah.
Coordinates for
Vormir are laid in.
All they have to
do is not fall out.
We're a long way from Budapest.
Okay, so, uh...
we just wait around for
this Quill guy to show up...
and then he leads us to
the Power Stone, is that it?
Let's take cover.
We're not the only ones in
2014 looking for the stones.
Wait a minute.
What are you talking about right now?
Who else is looking
for these stones?
My father...
my sister...
and me.
And you?
Where are you right now?
You're welcome.
I didn't ask for your help.
And yet, you always need it.
Get up.
Father wants us back on the ship.
Why?
He's found an Infinity Stone.
Where?
On a planet called Morag.
Father's plan is
finally in motion.
One stone isn't six, Nebula.
It's a start.
If he gets all of them...
Ronan's located the Power Stone.
I'm dispatching you to his ship.
He won't like that.
His alternative is death.
Ronan's obsession...
clouds his judgment.
We will not fail you, Father.
No, you won't.
I swear...
I will make you proud.
...we just wait around for
this Quill guy to show up...
and then he leads us to
the Power Stone, is that it?
Let's take cover.
We're not the only ones in
2014 looking for the stones.
Who was that?
I don't know.
My head is splitting.
Her synaptic drive was
probably damaged in battle.
Shh.
Bring her to my ship.
Better hustle, Cap.
Things look like they're
just about wrapped up here.
Got it.
I'm approaching the elevator now.
If it's all the same to you...
I'll have that drink now.
All right, get him on his feet.
We can all stand around
posing up a storm later.
By the way,
feel free to clean up.
Mr. Rogers, I almost
forgot that that suit...
did nothing for your ass.
No one asked you to look, Tony.
It's ridiculous.
I think you look great, Cap.
As far as I'm concerned,
that's America's ass.
Who gets the, uh, magic wand?
S.T.R.I.K.E. team's
coming to secure it.
We can take that off your hands.
By all means.
Careful with that thing.
Yeah, unless you
want your mind erased.
And not in a fun way.
We promise to be careful.
Who are these guys?
They are S.H.I.E.L.D.
Well, actually Hydra, but
we didn't know that yet.
Seriously? You didn't?
I mean, they look like bad guys.
You're small, but
you're talking loud.
On my way down to
coordinate search and rescue.
I mean, honestly, how do
you keep your food down?
Shut up.
Ooh.
All right, you're up, little buddy.
There's our stone.
All right.
Flick me.
- Move.
- Hey.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
- Hey, hey. Buddy!
What do you think?
Maximum occupancy has been reached.
Take the stairs.
Yeah. Stop, stop.
"Take the stairs."
Hate the stairs.
All right, Cap, I got our
scepter in the elevator...
just passing the 80th floor.
On it.
Head to the lobby.
All right, I'll see you there.
Evidence secure.
We're en route to Doctor List.
No.
No hitches at all, Mr. Secretary.
Captain.
I thought you were coordinating
search and rescue.
Change of plans.
Hey, Cap.
Rumlow.
I just got a call
from the secretary.
I'm gonna be running
point on the scepter.
Sir? I don't understand.
We got word there may
be an attempt to steal it.
Sorry, Cap.
We can't give you the scepter.
I'm gonna have
to call the director.
That's okay. Trust me.
Hail Hydra.
So many stairs!
Thumbelina, do you copy?
I've got eyes on the prize.
It is go time.
Bombs away.
Is that Axe Body Spray?
Yeah, I had a can in the
desk for emergencies. Relax.
Can we focus, please?
I'm going inside you...
now.
Uh, may I ask you
where you're going?
Bit of lunch and then Asgard.
I'm sorry, you are...?
Alexander Pierce.
He's the man above the folks
- behind Nick Fury.
- Oh.
My friends call me
Mr. Secretary.
I'm gonna have to ask you
to turn that
prisoner over to me.
Uh, Loki will be
answering to Odin himself.
No, he's going to answer to us.
Odin can have what's left.
And I'm gonna need that case.
That's been S.H.I.E.L.D.
property for over 70 years.
Hand over the case, Stark.
All right, move it,
Stuart Little.
Things are getting dicey out here.
Let's go.
I'm not gonna argue who's
got the higher authority here...
You promise me you won't die?
We're only giving me a
mild cardiac dysrhythmia.
That doesn't sound mild.
I need the case.
I know you got a lot
of pull, I'm just saying,
- jurisdiction...
- Okay, then give me the case.
Well, jurisdiction...
Hand it over.
Do it, Lang!
Get your hands off me.
Window's closing. Pull my pin.
Here goes!
- Stark?
He's convulsing. Give him air!
- Medic!
Give these guys some help.
Speak to me.
Stark, is it your chest machine?
Breathe, breathe.
Good job. Meet me in the alley.
I'm gonna grab a quick slice.
No stairs!
Uh...
Come on, Stark, stay with us.
I'm going to try something.
Okay?
I have no idea if
it's going to work.
Yes!
Oh, that worked a treat.
Dude, that was so crazy.
I had no idea if that
was gonna work.
- The case.
- The case is, uh...
Where's the case?
Where's Loki?
Loki!
That wasn't supposed
to happen, was it?
Oh, we blew it.
Loki?
Tony, what's going on?
Tell me you found that Cube.
Oh, you gotta be shitting me.
I have eyes on Loki.
14th floor.
I'm not Loki...
and I don't wanna hurt you.
I can do this all day.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
Where did you get this?
Bucky is alive.
What?
That is America's ass.
Please, please.
I'm sorry, I can't
help you, Bruce.
If I give up the Time Stone
to help your reality,
I'm dooming my own.
With all due
respect, all right...
I'm not sure the science
really supports that.
The Infinity Stones create
what you experience
as the flow of time.
Remove one of the stones...
and that flow splits.
Now, this may
benefit your reality...
but my new one,
not so much.
In this new branch reality...
without our chief weapon
against the forces
of darkness...
our world would be overrun.
Millions will suffer.
So, tell me, Doctor.
Can your science
prevent all that?
No...
but we can erase it.
Because once we're
done with the stones...
we can return each
one to its own timeline...
at the moment it was taken.
So, chronologically...
in that reality...
it never left.
Yes, but you're leaving
out the most important part.
In order to return the
stones, you have to survive.
We will. I will. I promise.
I can't risk this
reality on a promise.
It's the duty of the
Sorcerer Supreme
to protect the Time Stone.
Then why the hell did
Strange give it away?
What did you say?
Strange. He gave it away.
He gave it to Thanos.
- Willingly?
- Yes.
- Why?
- I have no idea.
Maybe he made a mistake.
Or I did.
Strange is meant
to be the best of us.
So, he must've
done it for a reason.
I fear you might be right.
Thank you.
I'm counting on you, Bruce.
We all are.
Run diagnostics.
Show me her memory file.
Sire, the file
appears entangled.
It was a memory, but not hers.
There's another consciousness...
sharing her network.
Another Nebula.
Impossible.
This duplicate
carries a time stamp...
from nine years in the future.
Where is this other Nebula?
In our solar system on Morag.
Can you access her?
Yes, the two are linked.
Search the
duplicate's memories...
for Infinity Stones.
And these stones have been
in a lot of different
places throughout history.
Our history.
So, not a lot of
convenient spots
to just drop in.
Which means we
have to pick our targets.
- Correct.
- Freeze image.
Terrans.
Avengers.
Unruly wretches.
What's that reflection?
Amplify this, Maw.
I don't understand.
Two Nebulas.
No.
The same Nebula...
from two different times.
Set course for Morag.
And scan the
duplicate's memories.
I wanna see everything.
My ladies, I'll see you after.
I'll see you after. Go on ahead.
What are you doing?
Oh, God!
You're better off leaving
the sneaking to your brother.
No, I wasn't sneaking.
I was just going for a walk.
What are you wearing?
I always wear this.
It's one of my favorites.
Mm...
What's wrong with your eye?
Oh, my eye.
Remember the, uh,
Battle of Harokin...
when I got hit in the face
with the broadsword?
You're not the Thor
I know at all, are you?
Yes, I am.
The future hasn't
been kind to you, has it?
I didn't say I was
from the future.
I was raised by witches, boy.
I see with more than eyes,
you know that.
Yeah, I'm totally
from the future.
Yes, you are, honey.
I really need to talk to you.
We can talk.
His head was over there...
and his body over there...
I mean, what was the point?
I was too late.
I was just standing there.
Some idiot with an axe.
Now, you're no idiot.
You're here, aren't you?
Seeking counsel from the
wisest person in Asgard.
I am. Yes.
Idiot, no.
A failure?
Absolutely.
That's a little bit harsh.
Do you know what that makes you?
Just like everyone else.
I'm not supposed to be
like everyone else, am I?
Mm.
Everyone fails at who
they're supposed to be, Thor.
The measure of a person,
of a hero...
is how well they succeed
at being who they are.
I've really missed you, Mom.
Thor!
I got it!
Get that rabbit!
Mom, I have to
tell you something.
No, son, you don't.
You're here to repair
your future, not mine.
This is about your future.
Uh, it's none of my business.
Hi.
You must be Mom.
I got the thing. Come on.
We gotta move.
Oh, I wish we had more time.
No, this was a gift.
Now you go and be the
man you're meant to be.
- I love you, Mom.
- I love you.
And eat a salad.
Come on, we gotta go.
- Goodbye.
- Three...
- Two...
- No, wait!
What am I looking at?
Oh, sometimes it takes a second.
I'm still worthy.
Oh, boy.
- Goodbye, Mom.
- Goodbye.
So, he's an idiot?
Yeah.
What's that?
The tool of a thief.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
This is the part where
spikes come out...
with skeletons on the end
of them and everything.
What are you talking about?
When you break
into a place called
"The Temple of
the Power Stone"...
there's gonna be a
bunch of booby traps.
- Oh, my God.
- Okay. All right. Go ahead.
I wasn't always like this.
Me either.
But we work with
what we got, right?
Hmm.
Let's sync up.
Three, two, one.
You murdered trillions!
You should be grateful.
Where are the stones?
Gone.
Reduced to atoms.
You used them two days ago!
I used the stones
to destroy the stones.
It nearly killed me.
But the work is done.
It always will be.
I am inevitable.
What did you do to them?
Nothing.
Yet.
They're not trying
to stop something
I'm going to do in our time.
They're trying to undo something
I've already done in theirs.
The stones.
I found them all.
I won.
Tipped the cosmic
scales to balance.
This is your future.
It's my destiny.
My father is many things.
A liar is not one of them.
Ah.
Thank you, daughter.
Perhaps I treated
you too harshly.
And that is destiny fulfilled.
Sire...
your daughter...
No!
...is a traitor.
That's not me.
It's not, I could never...
I would never betray you.
Never. Never.
I know.
And you'll have the
chance to prove it.
No!
He knows!
Barton!
Barton, come in.
Romanoff!
Come in, we have a problem.
Come on!
Come in, we have a...
Thanos knows.
Thanos...
Cap.
Sorry, buddy, we got a problem.
Yeah, we do.
Well, what are we gonna do now?
You know what?
Give me a break, Steve.
I just got hit in the
head with the Hulk.
You said that we had one shot.
This was our shot.
We shot it. It's shot.
Six stones or nothing.
- It was six stones or nothing.
- You're repeating yourself,
you know that?
You're repeating yourself.
Dude. Come on!
No.
You never wanted a time heist.
You weren't on board
with the time heist.
- I dropped the ball.
- You ruined the time heist.
- Is that what I did?
- Yeah.
Are there any other
options with the Tesseract?
No, no, no, there's
no other options.
There's no do-overs.
We're not going anywhere else.
We have one particle left.
Each.
That's it. All right?
We use that...
bye-bye, you're not going home.
Yeah, well, if we don't try...
then no one else is
going home, either.
I got it.
There's another way
to retake the Tesseract
and acquire new particles.
Little stroll down memory lane.
Military installation,
Garden State.
When were they both there?
They were there at a time...
I have a vaguely exact idea.
- How vague?
- What are you
talking about?
Where are we going?
I know for a fact
they were there.
Who's they?
What are we doing?
And I know how I know.
Guys, what is it?
Looks like we're improvising.
- Great.
- What are we improvising?
Scott, get this back
to the compound.
Suit up.
- What's in New Jersey?
- 0-4.
0-4.
- Uh, 0-7.
- 0-7.
- Excuse me.
- 1-9-7-0.
Are you sure?
Cap?
Captain?
Steve? Sorry.
America. Rogers.
Look, if you do this...
and it doesn't work,
you're not coming back.
Thanks for the
pep talk, pissant.
You trust me?
I do.
Your call.
Here we go.
Hey, man!
Make love, not war.
Clearly you weren't
actually born here, right?
The idea of me was.
Right. Well,
imagine you're S.H.I.E.L.D...
running a quasi-fascistic
intelligence organization...
where do you hide it?
In plain sight.
Good luck on your
mission, Captain.
project, Doctor.
You new here?
Not exactly.
Come on, you bastard.
Gotcha.
Whew.
Back in the game.
Arnim, you in there?
Arnim?
Hey!
The door is this way, pal.
Oh, yeah.
Looking for Doctor
Zola, have you seen him?
Yeah, Doctor Zola.
No, I haven't seen a soul.
Pardon me.
Do I know you?
No, sir. Uh...
I'm a visitor from MIT.
Oh. MIT.
Got a name?
Howard.
- That'll be easy to remember.
- Howard...
Potts.
Well, I'm Howard Stark.
Hi.
Shake that, don't pull it.
Yeah.
You look a little green
around the gills, there, Potts.
I'm fine. Just long hours.
You wanna get some air?
- Hello, Potts.
- Yeah.
- That'd be swell.
- That way.
Okay.
Need your briefcase?
You're not one of those
beatniks, are you, Potts?
- Hello?
- Doctor Pym?
That would be the
number that you called, yes.
This is Captain
Stevens from shipping.
We have a package for you.
Oh, bring it up.
That's the thing, sir, we can't.
I'm confused.
I thought that was your job.
Well, it's just...
Sir, the box is glowing...
and to be honest,
some of our mail guys
aren't feeling that great.
They didn't open it, did they?
Uh, yeah, they did.
You better get down here.
Excuse me! Out of the way!
So, flowers and sauerkraut.
You got a big date tonight?
Uh, my wife's expecting.
And too much time at the office.
Congratulations.
- Thanks. Hold this, will ya?
- Yeah, sure.
- How far along is she?
- Uh, I don't know.
She's at the point where
she can't stand the
sound of my chewing.
I guess I'll be eating dinner
in the pantry again.
I have a little girl.
A girl would be nice.
Less of a chance she'd
turn out exactly like me.
What'd be so awful about that?
Let's just say that
the greater good
has rarely outweighed
my own self-interest.
And you've never seen
these two men before?
No, I've got an eye for this.
The two of them looked fishy.
Can you describe them?
One of them had a hippie beard.
Hippie.
Like Bee Gees or Mungo Jerry?
Definitely Mungo Jerry.
Yeah, this is Chesler.
I need every available
MP to sublevel six.
We have a potential breach.
I said bring them in.
They're trying, ma'am,
but Braddock's unit
has been stopped
by lightning strikes.
Oh, for the love of...
I'll look at the
weather projections.
It's not lightning strikes
we're looking at.
So, where you at with names?
Well, if it's a boy, my
wife likes Elmonzo.
Huh.
Might wanna let that stew awhile.
- You got time.
- Uh-huh.
Let me ask you a question.
When your kid was
born, were you nervous?
Wildly.
- Yeah.
- Did you feel qualified?
Like you had any idea
how to successfully
operate that thing?
I literally pieced it
together as I went along.
I thought about what my dad did.
My old man,
he never met a problem
he couldn't solve with a belt.
I thought my dad
was tough on me.
And now, looking back on it,
I just remember the good stuff.
You know?
He did drop the odd pearl.
Yeah? Like what?
"No amount of money ever
bought a second of time."
Smart guy.
He did his best.
I'll tell you, that kid's
not even here yet
and there's nothing
I wouldn't do for him.
Good to meet you, Potts.
Yeah.
Howard...
everything's gonna be all right.
Thank you...
for everything...
you've done for this country.
Jarvis.
Have we ever met that guy?
You meet a lot of people, sir.
Seems very familiar.
Weird beard.
You're weak.
I'm you.
You could stop this.
You know you want to.
Did you see what
happens in the future?
Thanos finds the Soul Stone.
You wanna know how he does that?
You wanna know
what he does to you?
That's enough.
You disgust me.
But that doesn't
mean you're useless.
How do I look?
Wow.
Under different circumstances...
this would be totally awesome.
I bet the raccoon
didn't have to climb a mountain.
Technically he's not
a raccoon, you know?
Oh, whatever. He eats garbage.
Welcome.
Natasha.
Daughter of Ivan.
Clint.
Son of Edith.
Who are you?
Consider me a guide...
to you...
and to all who
seek the Soul Stone.
Oh, good.
You tell us where it is,
then we'll be on our way.
If only it were that easy.
What you seek
lies in front of you.
As does what you fear.
The stone's down there.
For one of you.
For the other...
In order to take the stone...
you must lose
that which you love.
An everlasting exchange.
A soul for a soul.
How's it going?
Jesus.
Maybe he's making this shit up.
No.
I don't think so.
Why? 'Cause he knows
your daddy's name?
I didn't.
Thanos left here
with the stone...
without his daughter.
That's not a coincidence.
Yeah.
Whatever it takes.
If we don't get that stone...
billions of people stay dead.
Yeah.
Then I guess we both
know who it's gotta be.
I guess we do.
I'm starting to think we mean
different people here, Natasha.
For the last five years, I've
been trying to do one thing.
Get to right here.
That's all it's been about.
Bringing everybody back.
No, don't you get all
decent on me now.
What, you think I wanna do it?
I'm trying to save
your life, you idiot.
Yeah, well, I don't want you to.
How's that?
Natasha, you know
what I've done.
You know what I've become.
Oh, I don't judge people
on their worst mistakes.
Maybe you should.
You didn't.
You're a pain in my ass,
you know that?
Okay.
You win.
Tell my family I love 'em.
You tell 'em yourself.
Damn you.
Wait.
Let me go.
No.
No. Please, no.
It's okay.
Please.
No!
Did we get 'em all?
Are you telling me
this actually worked?
Clint, where's Nat?
♪ In our
declining years
♪ We love
more tenderly
♪ Shine,
farewell light,
♪ That light
of last love
♪ The shadow
of the evening dawn
♪ Has covered
half of the sky
♪ Only there,
in the west
♪ The radiance
is wandering